this is John Gabriel and really pleased
to announce that my recipe book is now
an ibook and again what's the purpose of
a Gabriel method recipe book it's not so
that you can go on a diet or have a meal
plan for the rest of your life it's just
a way to learn how to get really good
high quality nutrients and your foods so
that your nourishing your body so that
you're turning off the fat programs
because you're getting the nourishment
that you need and you're not as hungry
so it's how to use healthy fats and
healthy sweeteners and how to put more
live food into your value and in a way
that's really really delicious but the
thing I love about this I book as you're
going through it I don't know if you can
see this right now but as you're going
through it is that it's very very
interactive for example this is my this
is my omelet pizza right so I'm looking
at this omelet pizza and I'm going to
look at a better look at this picture
all I do is go like this the picture
blows up so I can see the picture real
good and then there's a video right here
I'll be making the Avila pizza hi
welcome back and today we're going to
make an omelet pizza this is a perfect
Gabriel method red so some of them have
videos is about seven or eight videos in
there you can take notes there's a
there's a way to get notes make it
brighter all kinds of different things
you do to add a bookmark everything you
can do scroll from one chapter to
another so it's very easy to locate
things so all the different recipes and
we work really really hard on this
recipe book we spent a year working
about ten recipes a week we really try
to perfect and create it in such a way
that they taste really really delicious
like Duke a chicken and almond shaped in
and there's Gabriel method chocolate
mousses and ice creams and pizzas and
omelets and really really good stuff
that tastes phenomenal I love this
recipe book and with this I book even
though it's so interactive with all
these cool features it's also really
really achieved you can get it an eighty
percent discount so the physical book so
with all this I encourage you to check
out my recipe book because I hope we
work really really
put it all together I'm really really
pleased with the job that my team did
and I think you're going to love it so I
hope you enjoy it and look forward to
speaking with you soon take care